= Redmine RE

The Redmine RE plugin (http://redmine-re.korem.de) is a requirements engineering and requirements management plugin for the Redmine (http://redmine.org) project management software. The Redmine RE plugin's goal is to enable its users to create a requirements specification directly in Redmine. Users can create requirement artifacts view, store, edit and discuss these artifacts directly in Redmine.

A per project Requirements Tab gives users access to their specification. They can interconnect (trace) requirement artifacts to other artifacts as well as issues. Try the plugin here http://redmine-re.korem.de and discover more features like commenting on requirements or visualizing traces.

Redmine RE is compatible to Redmine Versions 2.3 and higher (maybe some lower ones down to 2.0, but we don't know for sure).

== Demo

You can find an online demo of Redmine RE here: http://redmine-re.korem.de:8080.
* User: re-admin
* Password: redmine-re

== Installation

You can find information about how to install the Redmine RE here: http://redmine-re.korem.de/projects/redmine-re/wiki/Installing_Redmine_RE.

== Export Function

The export functionality relies on the {pdfkit}[https://github.com/pdfkit/pdfkit] library which uses {wkhtmltopdf}[https://github.com/wkhtmltopdf/wkhtmltopdf] to generate PDF files from pure HTML. 
Currently the export function is very basic. The following things could be added in the future: Revision Table, Meta Information, Table of Contents, Page Numbers.

It is recommended to install wkhtmltopdf from a package distributed via the {project page}[http://wkhtmltopdf.org/downloads.html] instead of using your OS package manager, because the distributed packages are newer and should work without big configuration effort out of the box.
The function was tested with a fresh installed ubuntu 12.04 server using the described way. 

== Acknowledgments

* This project relies heavily on Redmine.

* The visualization in this project utilizes the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit.

* The Redmine RE Plugin has initially been developed in the research project KoREM a project of the University of Applied Sciences Bonn-Rhein-Sieg which was funded by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research. Luckily we are now able to contribute this plugin to the Open Source Community.